c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Donor.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Donor.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Donor.xap
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\Donor.g.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\Donor.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\Donor.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\CalendarMonthPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\CalendarYearPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\EventEditPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\EventPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\NewsList.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\NewsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\ProfilePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\Donor.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Donor\Donor\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
